README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="1280" height="360" src="https://github.com/WindowsJavaEdition/JavaAppletViewer/blob/master/JavaAppletViewer/Resources/normal-white.png?raw=true">
</p>

Java Applet Viewer
======
This is a program that allows you to quickly load the old and unsupported by now Java applets. 

It's written in VB.NET with a small bit of HTML.

Required software in order to run the program
------
You need:
- [Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0 (or later)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=3005 "Download")
- [Any update of Java 8 (later than Java 8 will not work, earlier than Java 8 may cause some problems)](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#jre8 "Download")

Building
------
Load the repository in Visual Studio/Visual Basic and you are good to go. 

The `launcher.html` file is created automatically when clicking the "Launch Applet" button since version dev_02.

Gallery
------
<img align="left" width="420" height="232" src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1005446407932616756/1006177068565921883/unknown.png">
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ

ㅤ


Windows Java
------
This is one of the software included in the Windows Java project. Still, you can use it in normal Windows or maybe even Linux with [Wine](https://www.winehq.org "Wine"). Fun fact: This project actually predates the revival of the Windows Java project.


<p align="center">
  <img width="800" height="125" src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/829693308972171284/829710872918229062/variation2.png">
</p>

Commit message:

Update "Java Applet Viewer", "Building" & "Gallery".

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="1280" height="360" src="https://github.com/WindowsJavaEdition/JavaAppletViewer/blob/master/JavaAppletViewer/Resources/normal-white.png?raw=true">
</p>

Java Applet Viewer
======
This is a program that allows you to quickly load the old and unsupported by now Java applets. 

It's written in VB.NET with a small bit of HTML. (The bits of Java are just source code for example applets included in the app)

Required software in order to run the program
------
You need:
- [Microsoft .NET Framework 3.0 (or later)](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=3005 "Download")
- [Any update of Java 8 (later than Java 8 will not work, earlier than Java 8 may cause some problems)](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#jre8 "Download")

Building
------
Load the repository in Visual Studio/Visual Basic and you are good to go. 

The `launcher.html` file is created automatically when clicking the "Launch Applet" button since version dev_02.

Gallery
------
<img align="left" width="420" height="232" src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1005446407932616756/1006177068565921883/unknown.png">
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ
 
ㅤ

ㅤ


Windows Java
------
This is one of the software included in the Windows Java project. Still, you can use it in normal Windows or maybe even Linux with [Wine](https://www.winehq.org "Wine"). Fun fact: This project actually predates the revival of the Windows Java project.


<p align="center">
  <img width="800" height="125" src="https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/829693308972171284/829710872918229062/variation2.png">
</p>
